So  like you, that must...
(***)   at the3 April..
Empty to cool.er... (***)
Hmmmmm...  Hmmmm...
Ohhhhhhh... try error    (***)  Where is it?
Oh, it's a chain. Yeah, apparently.
Hmm...
Hmmmmmmm...
Ummmmmmmmm...
Ohh... Ohhhhhhh...
Ohhh...Uhhhhhhhhhhhh... ha..ha..ha..
Oh look it up later.. (***) Okay..  okay.. okay.. let's wait..  Haaaaaaa...
Okay.
Hmm...
Oh,hhhhh    it's like, obviously it's like up to them.
Turn light.. Ummmmmmm...
Ohhh... Ha..ha.. ha.. ha...
Ummmmmmm...
Ummmm...
Ummmm....Us too.... Ha... ha... ha...
Yeah... Yes, it's really good. And the price is good.
you
Uh  hmmmm...
Ummmm...
Yeah, when I, when I have, I don't know... Yeah...
Ohhhh...
Ummmm......Ummmmm...
We saw an elephant! That's cool!.. ha... ha...
Hmmm...  hmmm...  yeah...yeah...
Yeah...
Hmm.... hmmmm...
That's cool. Is it?  (***)
Is it like Japanese, Italian? (***)  yeah... yeah... yeah...
Yeah... yeah.. That place is so good! Ha...ha...ha... yeah...
Let me see what else. I have so many good pictures.  (***)
Favorite restaurant? I think .... ummmmm
Yeah, there's like a little like... special vecation like that.....
Our family always goes to sundubu. It's like sundubu, like Korean.
So.. Yeah... (***)  I think..
It's in the exterior nose area....  Yeah... (***)
We love that so much.
I think soondubu So like soon tofu?
Yeah, so they serve like...
Well, yeah, they serve it's like
a hot pot. It's like it's spicy.
and there's like well the main ingredient is tofu like really soft tofu
And then it's like mixed with beef or pork or seafood
Yeah... yeah.. ha.. ha.. ha.. Yeah...(***)
I don't thing So.
Oh, Shabba Shabba! They're a bit comedic.
I don't think I've had shabu-shabu before.
Hmmmm...
I think, well, in and out is definitely one.. ah.. ah.. ah..
i think if we go for a little while without in and out my brother's like
Here we go. Here we go... like ... ha.. ha.. ha.. Yeah...
I think we have like our usual so I think
for me it's a double double and then i split it with my room
So we ask for it to be cut in half and then we have it with fries.
Just right for us...  ha.. ha...  yeah...
Yeah, once in a while...Yeah... Ummm...
Hmm...
I don't think so. It comes to think of it, ..
Hmmm...
Ohhhh...
Are you okay...  no.. no.. no..
I think like the socks are the biggest problem.
I've continew  eating bars and milkshakes. I haven't tried it yet.
Yeah... yeah..  Okay...  free
Why haven't I done it before? I don't know why. Okay, I'll try next time.
Yeah.
Oh, okay, okay.
Yeah...
I have a sweet tooth, it's really hard to choose.
I like anything with chocolate, I think.
So  chocolate cake... chocolate  (***)... chocolate ...(***)
go for any of those...Hmmm.  yeah...
Yes. Wait. I think it's more like...
the frozen chocolate mochi I've had.
I don't know if I've had like room temperature ones.
I don't think so.
That sounds so good. Oh my goodness.
Hmm...   You haven't heard of the bitch one?